README.md, before:

# weizPVP-Dragonflight- v2.0.0.0 (Patched for Dragonflight)

This killer addon was created by the great weiz!
I hope you are recovering after your accident! I know we are all sending
you get well wishes and prayers from Mesostealthy & friends!

So for now, I'm just going through this addon and fixing the stuff that
Blizzard changed in the Dragonflight v10.0.0 prepatch! I can't say that
I know exactly how everything works in weizPVP because it's such a HUGE
addon! But I'll do my best to get most things at least working like they
did in the Shadowlands!

You may know me as Mesostealthy from the Alterac Valley Maniacs!
SO you know I have to have this addon working going forward.
I just hope I can do it justice even partially as much as
weiz did for it! Such an amazing addon, couldn't let it die!

-Mesostealthy

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Latest changes:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
v2.0.0.0:
- Fixed UIDropDownMenu for adding/removing to/from KOS.
- Updated TOC version for The War Withing v11.0.0.

v1.9.9.7:
- Updated LibRangeCheck3.0 to fix lua errors while in combat.

v1.9.9.6:
-Updated internal version number to reflect current weizPVP v1.9.9.6.
- Updated TOC version for Dragonflight v10.2.0.

v1.9.9.5:
- Fixes White Box when loading due to updated LibRangeCheck update from 2.0 to 3.0.

v1.9.9.4:
- Added new Crosshair setting to enable the Crosshair for Friendly targets. (Must have Friendly Namplates enabled.)
- Increased capacity for the weizPVP window to show up to 40 bars. (So full teams for Epic Battlegrounds.)
- Added Addon Icon for the menus to the default weizPVP logo.
- Added Addon Compartment Functionality to toggle settings.
- Updated TOC version for Dragonflight v10.1.7.

Commit message:

v2.0.0.1 - KOS lists are now account wide!

README.md, after:

# weizPVP-Dragonflight- v2.0.0.1 (Patched for Dragonflight + The War Within)

This killer addon was created by the great weiz!
I hope you are recovering after your accident! I know we are all sending
you get well wishes and prayers from Mesostealthy & friends!

So for now, I'm just going through this addon and fixing the stuff that
Blizzard changed in the Dragonflight v10.0.0 prepatch! I can't say that
I know exactly how everything works in weizPVP because it's such a HUGE
addon! But I'll do my best to get most things at least working like they
did in the Shadowlands!

You may know me as Mesostealthy from the Alterac Valley Maniacs!
SO you know I have to have this addon working going forward.
I just hope I can do it justice even partially as much as
weiz did for it! Such an amazing addon, couldn't let it die!

-Mesostealthy

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Latest changes:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
v2.0.0.1:
- KOS lists are now saved globally across all toons. (Will copy local KOS to global KOS upon logging in each toon.)
- Added Stealth notification when an enemy player casts Sp-eye-glass nearby.

v2.0.0.0:
- Fixed UIDropDownMenu for adding/removing to/from KOS.
- Updated TOC version for The War Withing v11.0.0.

v1.9.9.7:
- Updated LibRangeCheck3.0 to fix lua errors while in combat.

v1.9.9.6:
-Updated internal version number to reflect current weizPVP v1.9.9.6.
- Updated TOC version for Dragonflight v10.2.0.

v1.9.9.5:
- Fixes White Box when loading due to updated LibRangeCheck update from 2.0 to 3.0.

v1.9.9.4:
- Added new Crosshair setting to enable the Crosshair for Friendly targets. (Must have Friendly Namplates enabled.)
- Increased capacity for the weizPVP window to show up to 40 bars. (So full teams for Epic Battlegrounds.)
- Added Addon Icon for the menus to the default weizPVP logo.
- Added Addon Compartment Functionality to toggle settings.
- Updated TOC version for Dragonflight v10.1.7.
